+++
date = "2016-02-16T00:46:15+09:00"
draft = false
title = "【DMM英会話】 Job Interview | Business Basic"
tags = ["DMM英会話"]
+++

DMM英会話のレッスン中。その日学んだことをメモ。

- [Lesson 07: Discussion | Business Basic](http://eikaiwa.dmm.com/download/pdf/Business_basic_07_01.pdf/)

<hr>

##### ◯ Practice 1 | Formal and Informal Expressions

- I beg to differ => I doubt this is a good idea

<br>
##### ◯ Practice 2 | Reading Sentences

割愛。

<br>
##### ◯ Practice 3 | Studying the Manual

- You need to be polite and show respect for a different opinion.
- When you disagree you need to mention that the opinion is interesting but you think in a different way.
- Use the following expressions: “In my opinion”, “If you ask me”, “To my mind”, “Personally I believe that”, “As far as I’m concerned”, etc.
- It would be perfect if after expressing your opinion, you would ask what the other person thinks: “Do you like this idea?”, “What do you think about it?”, “What are your ideas?”, etc.
- You need to show your response to what the other person is saying. So, sometimes add something like: “I see”, “That’s why”, “hm...” for the person to feel that you are paying attention to his ideas.

**意訳**

- 異なる意見に対して丁寧に敬いを持つべき
- 反対意見をいうことはいいことだが、代案を提示すること
- "私の見解では"、"個人的には"、"私の知る限り、"などが使える
- 自分の意見を述べたあとに他人の意見を聞くといい。
- 他の人が言ったことに反応すること。あいづち大事。

<br>
##### ◯ Practice 4 | Situation Questions

> 1. You are in the middle of a business discussion and you remember that you have an appointment and　you need to go. What do you do?

I'll judge witch promise is important for job in spirit.
And if current meeting is important, I'll send a mail to the man who have appointment.

> 2. You are expressing your idea and suddenly another employee impolitely interrupts you. What do you do?

If his attitude is impolitely, I want to understand his opinion in good spirits.
And after discussion, I'll point out to him about for his attitude for him.

> 3. You are in a meeting where people are discussing an important topic, but no one asks for your opinion even though you have one. What do you do?

Raise my hand. And say "I have a opinion."


<br>
##### ◯ 覚えた英単語

|単語|意味|その他|
|---|---|---|
|destination| 目的地 | 
|convinced|確信している|
|colleague|仲間|
|the following month|翌月|
|within a company|社内|


- The ability to keep calm is one of her many strengths.
- He has applied to join the army.
- She quit school at 16.
- I've quit smoking.
- Being able to speak a foreign language is a major asset.
- She'll be an asset to the team.

<hr>

けっこう喋れるようになってきた。
